Added additional information to search report page (#1440)
magento/merchdocs: src/marketing/search-terms-report.md

    ![Search terms report]({% link images/images/search-terms-report.png %}){: .zoom}
    _Search Terms Report_

> ## Export the Search Terms Report
> 
> 1. For **Export to**, choose an export format:
> 
>     - **CSV** - A comma-separated value file containing plain text data
>     - **Excel XML** - An XML-based, spreadsheet data format
> 
> 1. Click <span class="btn">Export</span>.
> 
> The generated file is automatically saved to your designated folder for downloads.
> 
> ### Grid Column descriptions
> 
> |Column|Description|
> |--- |--- |
> |ID|Unique, numeric ID generated for the search term entry|
> |Search Query|A query the search was performed with|
> |Store|The store were the search query was performed|
> |Results|Number of results|
> |Hits|Number of Uses|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Export the Search Terms report

1. For **Export to**, choose an export format:

    - **CSV** - A comma-separated value file containing plain text data
    - **Excel XML** - An XML-based, spreadsheet data format

1. Click <span class="btn">Export</span>.

The generated file is automatically saved to your designated folder for downloads.

## Column descriptions

|Column|Description|
|--- |--- |
|ID|Unique, numeric ID generated for the search term entry|
|Search Query|The query used to perform the search|
|Store|The store where the search query was applied|
|Results|Number of results|
|Hits|Number of uses|
```
